[Music]
why are people afraid of clowns
probably because so many clowns kill
people what do they do they really yes
would you rather have pies for feet or
wouldn t buy it for feet always for 300%
could get sloppy but if I was ever
hungry my feet if you and I were
stranded on a desert island together
do you think you could learn to love me
[Music]
the longer you think about it the more
I'm solving it right I guess so yeah
well you know what okay can I guess it's
the most beautiful thing anyone's ever
said to me a Morgan Mule with captain in
ginger ale the answer to all of life's
ridiculous questions for more
ridiculousness
watch Jimmy Kimmel Live weeknights at
11:35